Compiling...

Compilation output: 
Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(277,17): warning CS0219: The variable `t' is assigned but its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(11,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc2' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(12,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc3' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioTest.cs(9,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.AudioTest.trans' is assigned but its value is neve
r used

Asset\Scripts\PlayAnimation.cs(9,14): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.PlayAnimation.playerCharModel' is assigned but
 its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptCamera.cs(108,17): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptCamera.camDist' is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.enemyRB' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.moveDir' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its 
value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.enemyRB' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.moveDir' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its va
lue is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(41,10): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptPlayer.idle' is assigned but its value i
s never used

Asset\Scripts\WindBehaviour.cs(27,18): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.WindBehaviour.script_Player' is never used

Compilation succeeded - 14 warning(s)

Compilation completed

Compiling...

Compilation output: 
Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(277,17): warning CS0219: The variable `t' is assigned but its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(11,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc2' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(12,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc3' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioTest.cs(9,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.AudioTest.trans' is assigned but its value is neve
r used

Asset\Scripts\PlayAnimation.cs(9,14): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.PlayAnimation.playerCharModel' is assigned but
 its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptCamera.cs(108,17): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptCamera.camDist' is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.enemyRB' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.moveDir' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its 
value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.enemyRB' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.moveDir' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its va
lue is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(41,10): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptPlayer.idle' is assigned but its value i
s never used

Asset\Scripts\WindBehaviour.cs(27,18): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.WindBehaviour.script_Player' is never used

Compilation succeeded - 14 warning(s)

Compilation completed

Compiling...

Compilation output: 
Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(277,17): warning CS0219: The variable `t' is assigned but its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(11,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc2' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(12,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc3' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioTest.cs(9,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.AudioTest.trans' is assigned but its value is neve
r used

Asset\Scripts\PlayAnimation.cs(9,14): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.PlayAnimation.playerCharModel' is assigned but
 its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptCamera.cs(108,17): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptCamera.camDist' is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.enemyRB' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.moveDir' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its 
value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.enemyRB' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.moveDir' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its va
lue is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(41,10): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptPlayer.idle' is assigned but its value i
s never used

Asset\Scripts\WindBehaviour.cs(27,18): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.WindBehaviour.script_Player' is never used

Compilation succeeded - 14 warning(s)

Compilation completed

Compiling...

Compilation output: 
Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(277,17): warning CS0219: The variable `t' is assigned but its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(11,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc2' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(12,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc3' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioTest.cs(9,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.AudioTest.trans' is assigned but its value is neve
r used

Asset\Scripts\PlayAnimation.cs(9,14): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.PlayAnimation.playerCharModel' is assigned but
 its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptCamera.cs(108,17): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptCamera.camDist' is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.enemyRB' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.moveDir' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its 
value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.enemyRB' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.moveDir' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its va
lue is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(41,10): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptPlayer.idle' is assigned but its value i
s never used

Asset\Scripts\WindBehaviour.cs(27,18): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.WindBehaviour.script_Player' is never used

Compilation succeeded - 14 warning(s)

Compilation completed

Compiling...

Compilation output: 
Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(277,17): warning CS0219: The variable `t' is assigned but its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(11,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc2' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioManager.cs(12,9): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.AudioManager.cc3' is never used

Asset\Scripts\AudioTest.cs(9,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.AudioTest.trans' is assigned but its value is neve
r used

Asset\Scripts\PlayAnimation.cs(9,14): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.PlayAnimation.playerCharModel' is assigned but
 its value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptCamera.cs(108,17): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptCamera.camDist' is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.enemyRB' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.moveDir' is assigned but its value 
is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptEnemy.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptEnemy.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its 
value is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(10,15): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.enemyRB' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(22,13): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.moveDir' is assigned but its value is
 never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptMoth.cs(36,19): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptMoth.accumulatedDt' is assigned but its va
lue is never used

Asset\Scripts\ScriptPlayer.cs(41,10): warning CS0414: The private field `Unicorn.ScriptPlayer.idle' is assigned but its value i
s never used

Asset\Scripts\WindBehaviour.cs(27,18): warning CS0169: The private field `Unicorn.WindBehaviour.script_Player' is never used

Compilation succeeded - 14 warning(s)

Compilation completed

